Remilia, Flandre and Cirno are having a pleasant afternoon as they take turns playing the piano. They fool around, each playing their favorite song, and also quoting each other's favorite pieces. Later, at the end of the day, Aya shows up to gather material for her newspaper. Their gathering seemed like the perfect content for some news, but as she was about to leave, Flandre invites her to stay. Remilia asks if she wants to join them and play together, and the girl accepts. Their party went in a bit late, and a bit after sundown, it started raining heavily, and Aya could not leave. The four girls end up having a sleepover, as the rain kept pouring until the morning. 

When the new day's morning came, Flandre woke up sleeping close to Aya. It turned out that the girl had taken a liking to her, and doesn't want her to leave. Aya says she has to go, but promises she would be back. Flandre accepts it, and they bid farewell until then.

As the hours pass, Flandre is sad, because Aya is no where to be seen, and Cirno had also left. She tries to distract herself, even playing the tengu's favorite song as a means of solace and some hope. Could it could call for her, and Aya would then show up? Flandre kept waiting, and hoping.

When she least expected, she could hear her sister talking to someone downstairs. It seemed someone had just arrived. The little girl's heart knew: it had to be Aya! She ran downstairs as fast as she could, happiness overtaking her, and finally, Flandre's eyes met Aya at the door. The young scarlet jumps on her arms, letting the tengu know how much she missed her, and how she thought she would not be able to come. Aya then lets her know she also missed the little girl, and that she wanted to come earlier, but couldn't. But now she finally was here! They both were overjoyed. As they celebrate, her visit turns out into another party, and Aya stays with them. 

To complete her happiness, as they both played together for a bit, Cirno showed up. Remilia smiled as she saw how happy her sister was, and invited the girl in. 
